DISTANCE    TYPE    SOAP    BATTERY    CONTAINER    CLEAN
close       dust    low     low        empty        False
close       dust    low     low        half         False
close       dust    low     low        full         False
close       dust    low     medium     empty        True
close       dust    low     medium     half         True
close       dust    low     medium     full         True
close       dust    low     high       empty        True
close       dust    low     high       half         True
close       dust    low     high       full         True
close       dust    medium  low        empty        False
close       dust    medium  low        half         False
close       dust    medium  low        full         False
close       dust    medium  medium     empty        True
close       dust    medium  medium     half         True
close       dust    medium  medium     full         True
close       dust    medium  high       empty        True
close       dust    medium  high       half         True
close       dust    medium  high       full         True
close       dust    high    low        empty        False
close       dust    high    low        half         False
close       dust    high    low        full         False
close       dust    high    medium     empty        True
close       dust    high    medium     half         True
close       dust    high    medium     full         True
close       dust    high    high       empty        True
close       dust    high    high       half         True
close       dust    high    high       full         True
close       cat     low     low        empty        False
close       cat     low     low        half         False
close       cat     low     low        full         False
close       cat     low     medium     empty        False
close       cat     low     medium     half         False
close       cat     low     medium     full         False
close       cat     low     high       empty        False
close       cat     low     high       half         False
close       cat     low     high       full         False
close       cat     medium  low        empty        False
close       cat     medium  low        half         False
close       cat     medium  low        full         False
close       cat     medium  medium     empty        True
close       cat     medium  medium     half         True
close       cat     medium  medium     full         True
close       cat     medium  high       empty        True
close       cat     medium  high       half         True
close       cat     medium  high       full         True
close       cat     high    low        empty        False
close       cat     high    low        half         False
close       cat     high    low        full         False
close       cat     high    medium     empty        True
close       cat     high    medium     half         True
close       cat     high    medium     full         True
close       cat     high    high       empty        True
close       cat     high    high       half         True
close       cat     high    high       full         True
close       water   low     low        empty        False
close       water   low     low        half         False
close       water   low     low        full         False
close       water   low     medium     empty        False
close       water   low     medium     half         False
close       water   low     medium     full         False
close       water   low     high       empty        False
close       water   low     high       half         False
close       water   low     high       full         False
close       water   medium  low        empty        False
close       water   medium  low        half         False
close       water   medium  low        full         False
close       water   medium  medium     empty        True
close       water   medium  medium     half         True
close       water   medium  medium     full         True
close       water   medium  high       empty        True
close       water   medium  high       half         True
close       water   medium  high       full         True
close       water   high    low        empty        False
close       water   high    low        half         False
close       water   high    low        full         False
close       water   high    medium     empty        True
close       water   high    medium     half         True
close       water   high    medium     full         True
close       water   high    high       empty        True
close       water   high    high       half         True
close       water   high    high       full         True
medium      dust    low     low        empty        False
medium      dust    low     low        half         False
medium      dust    low     low        full         False
medium      dust    low     medium     empty        True
medium      dust    low     medium     half         True
medium      dust    low     medium     full         True
medium      dust    low     high       empty        True
medium      dust    low     high       half         True
medium      dust    low     high       full         True
medium      dust    medium  low        empty        False
medium      dust    medium  low        half         False
medium      dust    medium  low        full         False
medium      dust    medium  medium     empty        True
medium      dust    medium  medium     half         True
medium      dust    medium  medium     full         True
medium      dust    medium  high       empty        True
medium      dust    medium  high       half         True
medium      dust    medium  high       full         True
medium      dust    high    low        empty        False
medium      dust    high    low        half         False
medium      dust    high    low        full         False
medium      dust    high    medium     empty        True
medium      dust    high    medium     half         True
medium      dust    high    medium     full         True
medium      dust    high    high       empty        True
medium      dust    high    high       half         True
medium      dust    high    high       full         True
medium      cat     low     low        empty        False
medium      cat     low     low        half         False
medium      cat     low     low        full         False
medium      cat     low     medium     empty        False
medium      cat     low     medium     half         False
medium      cat     low     medium     full         False
medium      cat     low     high       empty        False
medium      cat     low     high       half         False
medium      cat     low     high       full         False
medium      cat     medium  low        empty        False
medium      cat     medium  low        half         False
medium      cat     medium  low        full         False
medium      cat     medium  medium     empty        True
medium      cat     medium  medium     half         True
medium      cat     medium  medium     full         True
medium      cat     medium  high       empty        True
medium      cat     medium  high       half         True
medium      cat     medium  high       full         True
medium      cat     high    low        empty        False
medium      cat     high    low        half         False
medium      cat     high    low        full         False
medium      cat     high    medium     empty        True
medium      cat     high    medium     half         True
medium      cat     high    medium     full         True
medium      cat     high    high       empty        True
medium      cat     high    high       half         True
medium      cat     high    high       full         True
medium      water   low     low        empty        False
medium      water   low     low        half         False
medium      water   low     low        full         False
medium      water   low     medium     empty        False
medium      water   low     medium     half         False
medium      water   low     medium     full         False
medium      water   low     high       empty        False
medium      water   low     high       half         False
medium      water   low     high       full         False
medium      water   medium  low        empty        False
medium      water   medium  low        half         False
medium      water   medium  low        full         False
medium      water   medium  medium     empty        True
medium      water   medium  medium     half         True
medium      water   medium  medium     full         True
medium      water   medium  high       empty        True
medium      water   medium  high       half         True
medium      water   medium  high       full         True
medium      water   high    low        empty        False
medium      water   high    low        half         False
medium      water   high    low        full         False
medium      water   high    medium     empty        True
medium      water   high    medium     half         True
medium      water   high    medium     full         True
medium      water   high    high       empty        True
medium      water   high    high       half         True
medium      water   high    high       full         True
far         dust    low     low        empty        False
far         dust    low     low        half         False
far         dust    low     low        full         False
far         dust    low     medium     empty        True
far         dust    low     medium     half         True
far         dust    low     medium     full         True
far         dust    low     high       empty        True
far         dust    low     high       half         True
far         dust    low     high       full         True
far         dust    medium  low        empty        False
far         dust    medium  low        half         False
far         dust    medium  low        full         False
far         dust    medium  medium     empty        True
far         dust    medium  medium     half         True
far         dust    medium  medium     full         True
far         dust    medium  high       empty        True
far         dust    medium  high       half         True
far         dust    medium  high       full         True
far         dust    high    low        empty        False
far         dust    high    low        half         False
far         dust    high    low        full         False
far         dust    high    medium     empty        True
far         dust    high    medium     half         True
far         dust    high    medium     full         True
far         dust    high    high       empty        True
far         dust    high    high       half         True
far         dust    high    high       full         True
far         cat     low     low        empty        False
far         cat     low     low        half         False
far         cat     low     low        full         False
far         cat     low     medium     empty        False
far         cat     low     medium     half         False
far         cat     low     medium     full         False
far         cat     low     high       empty        False
far         cat     low     high       half         False
far         cat     low     high       full         False
far         cat     medium  low        empty        False
far         cat     medium  low        half         False
far         cat     medium  low        full         False
far         cat     medium  medium     empty        True
far         cat     medium  medium     half         True
far         cat     medium  medium     full         True
far         cat     medium  high       empty        True
far         cat     medium  high       half         True
far         cat     medium  high       full         True
far         cat     high    low        empty        False
far         cat     high    low        half         False
far         cat     high    low        full         False
far         cat     high    medium     empty        True
far         cat     high    medium     half         True
far         cat     high    medium     full         True
far         cat     high    high       empty        True
far         cat     high    high       half         True
far         cat     high    high       full         True
far         water   low     low        empty        False
far         water   low     low        half         False
far         water   low     low        full         False
far         water   low     medium     empty        False
far         water   low     medium     half         False
far         water   low     medium     full         False
far         water   low     high       empty        False
far         water   low     high       half         False
far         water   low     high       full         False
far         water   medium  low        empty        False
far         water   medium  low        half         False
far         water   medium  low        full         False
far         water   medium  medium     empty        True
far         water   medium  medium     half         True
far         water   medium  medium     full         True
far         water   medium  high       empty        True
far         water   medium  high       half         True
far         water   medium  high       full         True
far         water   high    low        empty        False
far         water   high    low        half         False
far         water   high    low        full         False
far         water   high    medium     empty        True
far         water   high    medium     half         True
far         water   high    medium     full         True
far         water   high    high       empty        True
far         water   high    high       half         True
far         water   high    high       full         True
